lib: nrf_cloud: Make connection_poll_thread stack size adjustible (#8897)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/networking/nrf_cloud.rst

> The application can use :c:func:`nrf_cloud_connect` to connect to the cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application can use the :c:func:`nrf_cloud_connect` function to connect to the cloud.
```

This API triggers a series of events and actions in the system.
If the API fails, the application must retry to connect.

> If the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CONNECTION_POLL_THREAD` Kconfig option is not enabled, the application should monitor the connection socket.
> The :c:func:`nrf_cloud_connect` function blocks and returns success when the MQTT connection to the cloud completes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CONNECTION_POLL_THREAD` Kconfig option is not enabled, the application should monitor the connection socket.
The :c:func:`nrf_cloud_connect` function blocks and returns success when the MQTT connection to the cloud completes.

```
Suggesting to split this paragraph to smaller chunks for better readability.

> If the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CONNECTION_POLL_THREAD` Kconfig option is not enabled, the application should monitor the connection socket.
> :c:func:`nrf_cloud_connect` blocks and returns success when the MQTT connection to the cloud completes.
> If the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CONNECTION_POLL_THREAD` Kconfig option is enabled, an nRF Cloud library thread monitors the connection socket.
> :c:func:`nrf_cloud_connect` does not block and returns success if the connection monitoring thread has started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CONNECTION_POLL_THREAD` Kconfig option is not enabled, the application should monitor the connection socket.
The :c:func:`nrf_cloud_connect` function blocks and returns success when the MQTT connection to the cloud completes.
If the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CONNECTION_POLL_THREAD` Kconfig option is enabled, an nRF Cloud library thread monitors the connection socket.
The :c:func:`nrf_cloud_connect` function does not block and returns success if the connection monitoring thread has started.
```

> If the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CONNECTION_POLL_THREAD` Kconfig option is enabled, an nRF Cloud library thread monitors the connection socket.
> The :c:func:`nrf_cloud_connect` function does not block and returns success if the connection monitoring thread has started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CONNECTION_POLL_THREAD` Kconfig option is enabled, an nRF Cloud library thread monitors the connection socket.
The :c:func:`nrf_cloud_connect` function does not block and returns success if the connection monitoring thread has started.

```

Reviewer: I'm afraid you have not implemented this split quite yet. I meant the second paragraph under the heading "Connecting" would be split into two paragraphs, ending up to two starting with "If the :kconfig:option:...

Author: Sorry about that!

Reviewer: No worries Georges.

> When :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CONNECTION_POLL_THREAD` is enabled, an additional event, :c:enum:`NRF_CLOUD_EVT_TRANSPORT_CONNECTING`, is sent to the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CONNECTION_POLL_THREAD` Kconfig option is enabled, an additional event, :c:enum:`NRF_CLOUD_EVT_TRANSPORT_CONNECTING`, is sent to the application.
```

> You can adjust the stack size of the connection monitoring thread by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CONNECTION_POLL_THREAD_STACK_SIZE` Kconfig option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To adjust the stack size of the connection monitoring thread, set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CONNECTION_POLL_THREAD_STACK_SIZE` Kconfig option.
```

Author: Ah, I was so close. I'll get the hang of it eventually
